org/aston/quizzapp/data/network/QuizzApi.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.data.network.QuizzApi
org/aston/quizzapp/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
org/aston/quizzapp/ui/fragments/RegistrationFragment.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.ui.fragments.RegistrationFragment
 org.aston.quizzapp.ui.fragments.RegistrationFragment$1
org/aston/quizzapp/data/QuizzRemoteDataSource.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.data.QuizzRemoteDataSource
org/aston/quizzapp/QuizzApplication.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.QuizzApplication
org/aston/quizzapp/databinding/NonCompteQuizzAppBinding.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.databinding.NonCompteQuizzAppBinding
org/aston/quizzapp/models/Quizz.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.models.Quizz
org/aston/quizzapp/databinding/CrudAdminQuestionResponseBinding.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.databinding.CrudAdminQuestionResponseBinding
org/aston/quizzapp/data/CategoryRemoteDataSource.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.data.CategoryRemoteDataSource
org/aston/quizzapp/ui/fragments/settingsFragment.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.ui.fragments.settingsFragment
org/aston/quizzapp/data/GameRemoteDataSource.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.data.GameRemoteDataSource
org/aston/quizzapp/models/Game.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.models.Game
org/aston/quizzapp/data/QuizzRepository.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.data.QuizzRepository
org/aston/quizzapp/viewmodel/CategoryViewModel.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.viewmodel.CategoryViewModel
 org.aston.quizzapp.viewmodel.CategoryViewModel$1
 org.aston.quizzapp.viewmodel.CategoryViewModel$2
org/aston/quizzapp/ui/fragments/userFragment.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.ui.fragments.userFragment
 org.aston.quizzapp.ui.fragments.userFragment$1
org/aston/quizzapp/databinding/FragmentSettingsBinding.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.databinding.FragmentSettingsBinding
org/aston/quizzapp/data/CategoryRepository.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.data.CategoryRepository
org/aston/quizzapp/di/NetworkModule.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.di.NetworkModule
 org.aston.quizzapp.di.NetworkModule$1
 org.aston.quizzapp.di.NetworkModule$2
org/aston/quizzapp/ui/fragments/LoginFragment.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.ui.fragments.LoginFragment
org/aston/quizzapp/data/UserRepository.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.data.UserRepository
org/aston/quizzapp/data/network/UserApi.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.data.network.UserApi
org/aston/quizzapp/ui/MainActivity.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.ui.MainActivity
org/aston/quizzapp/databinding/CrudAdminQuestionBinding.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.databinding.CrudAdminQuestionBinding
org/aston/quizzapp/models/Score.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.models.Score
org/aston/quizzapp/util/NetworkResult.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.util.NetworkResult
 org.aston.quizzapp.util.NetworkResult$Error
 org.aston.quizzapp.util.NetworkResult$Loading
 org.aston.quizzapp.util.NetworkResult$Success
org/aston/quizzapp/models/User.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.models.User
org/aston/quizzapp/viewmodel/GameViewModel.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.viewmodel.GameViewModel
 org.aston.quizzapp.viewmodel.GameViewModel$1
 org.aston.quizzapp.viewmodel.GameViewModel$2
org/aston/quizzapp/data/UserRemoteDataSource.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.data.UserRemoteDataSource
org/aston/quizzapp/models/Role.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.models.Role
org/aston/quizzapp/viewmodel/QuizzViewModel.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.viewmodel.QuizzViewModel
org/aston/quizzapp/viewmodel/UserViewModel.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.viewmodel.UserViewModel
 org.aston.quizzapp.viewmodel.UserViewModel$1
org/aston/quizzapp/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.DataBindingTriggerClass
org/aston/quizzapp/dto/GameDto.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.dto.GameDto
org/aston/quizzapp/models/Response.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.models.Response
org/aston/quizzapp/ui/fragments/gameFragment.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.ui.fragments.gameFragment
 org.aston.quizzapp.ui.fragments.gameFragment$1
 org.aston.quizzapp.ui.fragments.gameFragment$2
 org.aston.quizzapp.ui.fragments.gameFragment$3
org/aston/quizzapp/databinding/FragmentUserBinding.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.databinding.FragmentUserBinding
org/aston/quizzapp/databinding/FragmentGameBinding.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.databinding.FragmentGameBinding
org/aston/quizzapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
org/aston/quizzapp/data/network/GameApi.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.data.network.GameApi
org/aston/quizzapp/databinding/FragmentRegistrationBinding.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.databinding.FragmentRegistrationBinding
org/aston/quizzapp/dto/QuizzDto.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.dto.QuizzDto
org/aston/quizzapp/ui/fragments/homeFragment.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.ui.fragments.homeFragment
 org.aston.quizzapp.ui.fragments.homeFragment$1
org/aston/quizzapp/BuildConfig.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.BuildConfig
org/aston/quizzapp/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
org/aston/quizzapp/data/GameRepository.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.data.GameRepository
org/aston/quizzapp/util/Constants.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.util.Constants
org/aston/quizzapp/models/Category.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.models.Category
org/aston/quizzapp/data/network/CategoryApi.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.data.network.CategoryApi
org/aston/quizzapp/models/Question.java
 org.aston.quizzapp.models.Question
